3 days Fes to Marrakech via desert gorges. This three-day tour from Fes to Marrakech takes you through the stunning desert gorges of the Middle Atlas Mountains. Take a camel ride in the Sahara Desert. You will also visit the Ait Ben Haddou Kasbah, a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Along the way, you will stay in traditional Berber villages and enjoy delicious local cuisine. This is an unforgettable journey through Morocco’s stunning landscapes and culture.

On the first day, you will travel to Merzouga desert, where you will take a camel ride and explore the sand dunes. You will also visit the nearby oasis and enjoy a traditional Berber dinner.

On the second day, You will visit the Todra Gorge and enjoy lunch in a local restaurant. Night in Dades gorge.

Marrakech: On the third day, you will visit the Ait Ben Haddou Kasbah, a UNESCO World Heritage Site. You will explore the ancient city and learn about its history. Finally you will travel to Marrakech.

Expand all

Day 01 :
Fes – Ifrane – Cedars Forest – Azrou – Midelt – Erfoud – Merzouga
The first day of the 3 days Morocco tour From Fes to Marrakech starts with picking you up from your accommodation in Fes. We will drive all the way through the middle Atlas Mountains. Firstly, we will stop by the cleanest city in Morocco and Africa. In this place, we will discover the Atlas lion Statue.

After that, our journey towards the desert continues, this time our next stop in the Cedar forest, where we will have a look at the Barbary Macaque. Thereafter, we will be heading to discover both of Zaida and Midelt. After driving through the meandering roads and passing by the biggest source of dates in Morocco, we will have reached the desert. Definitely, you will be amazed by the view of the golden dunes. We will take the camels and drive through the dunes to the camp that is set in the desert. In general, you see the sunset, the sunrise if it is needed, and hear the Berber music under the starry sky.

Day 02 :
Merzouga – Rissani – Todra Gorges – Dades Valley
Get up early to admire the sunrise in the dunes!
We will leave Merzouga and direct you to Rissani, where you can take a walk through the traditional market. You will then continue to the Todra Gorge, where you can admire the cliffs. Then have lunch before heading to the Dades Gorge, where you can admire the spectacular landscapes and the magnificent rock formations. You will spend the night in a comfortable hotel.

Day 03 :
Dades Valley – Kelaa Mgouna – Skoura – Ouarzazate – Ait Ben Haddou – High Atlas Mountains – Marrakech
The third day of your trip from Fes to Marrakech starts in Dades and heads to Kelaa Mgouna, where you can visit the rose gardens and experience rose water. You will then continue to Skoura, where you can admire the oasis and the kasbahs. You then have lunch in Ouarzazate before visiting the Kasbah of Taourirt and the film studios. Then continue to Ait Ben Haddou, where you can admire the famous kasbah. You will then cross the High Atlas to arrive in Marrakech, where your trip will end.

Comfortable vehicle transport
Transfer from and to your accommodation.
Guided driver
01 Nights in hotel
Night in camp in the desert
02 breakfasts 02 dinners.
